Iman zakut does her best to keep her
tent clean she's one of the 950,000
women displaced from their homes by
Israel's war on
Gaza here in the Rafa refugee camp
International women's day means
nothing here there's no women's day we
do not recognize women's day because we
do not have women all the women have
been wiped away women's day is somewhere
else outside of
Palestine this is how we celebrate the
women's day the moment we get our hands
on some salty sea water like this this
is our biggest celebration this Galla
must last us for one full
month since Israeli troops moved into
Gaza on October 27th the UN estimates 63
women a day have been killed in the
strip that's more than 9,000 in total
and thousands more have been widowed
women's Sanitary products are
desperately scarce and pregnant women
and new mothers face a constant struggle
to keep themselves and their babies
alive in the face of life-threatening
shortages of food water and Medical Care
there is sadness and hunger and sickness
everywhere what did we do asks shahad we
should be in school now but our schools
are gone our families are
gone
talk of women's rights brings a bitter
response from the
displaced what writes we were forced out
of our homes our homes were destroyed
children killed are these the guards and
women's
rights I wonder where the conscience of
the woman of the world is they've been
watching us on TV screens losing our
children while they are preaching to us
about human rights women's
rights just over 100 years since
International women's day was first
celebrated in Gaza there's a sense that
the war has wiped out Decades of
progress Paul Brennan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer